Little lovely Lady Prime and Father Sine 
together prance through space and time,
they limbo slow on antipodes
and tippy-toe through thin thresholds.
Without reason or rhyme they seek to align,
but, he was deaf and she was blind.
So, they can never hear and never see 
parallellity in their trajectories.
Side by side in collinear lines 
their worlds are destined to never collide.
So, their boiling dance sickeningly unfolds 
into a tragic romance icy cold.


Father Time: 
	A whirling wonder wanders my mind 
	and oft I do ponder:
	why I must run circles through time?
	But, oh me, oh my! 
	When it is her art I see, I feel so alive!
	For, self aware is her beastly beat
	that superimposes itself to never repeat.
	Lady Prime brings conscious life to sound
	verve vibrant alive and so violently loud 
	all it takes is her infinitesimal whisper 
	to turn it to an eternal visual shout!
	So I peek within my scientist side
	forever searching endlessly through time 
	seeking to find these tunes of mine 
	that may one day mathematically approximate 
	those of her colourful Primes.

But little did he omnipotently know, that
Lady Prime was bound by his periodic time;
kept from deep sleep because his beat chimed
in melodies so truthfully divine. 

Lady Prime:
	Beauty is in the eye of the beholder he insists,
	but it's impossible to deny, there's a beauty that lies, 
	in the radius of his big beating eyes,
	a faint whisper of Pi, that draws his to mine.

But, as she closed in behind following his sines–
	so utterly entranced: 
		tantalized by his mind!–
			she tripped on her toes, 
		and unfurled to a line
	what he had so perfectly wound up,
with careful calculations of Pi.

Father Time:
	Why must you away veer and steer from this curvy here, 
	that’s been made–by my circular clarity–so perfectly clear? 
	Oh, Lady Prime why must you always find 
	new blossoming ways to uncombine
	the stable rules that bloom from my mind?–
	Permute it, so that I am weak to resist:
	forever chasing the sums of your antithesis?
	Why, my angel, must you acutely wrong my angles 
	made so perfectly right?

Lady Prime: 
	I’m truthful when I tell you
	my next step is the simplest contradiction 
	to your perfectly patterned prediction. 
	We see eye to eye but on opposite sides
	so from the harsh crimson hues of my numerical lies,
	you see only coloured promises of heavenly skies—
	that are speckled with lights that seep by clouds bright
	and bleed boiling rain with loving intent that you taint:
	free from the tarnish of the pain 
	by which, only an accident, did I create.

But Father Sine was too obtuse to hear her truths;
her lines fell flat to the curvature of his time;
He was deaf to her attempts to amend:
to make him hear with his ears–
that did not appear to exist–
the beautiful sounds of his 
that she was weak to resist.

Father Sine:
	Oh Lady Prime, 
	Why can't I find you whence am I:
	accelerated by algorithmic drive?
	Why can't I replicate 
	what it is that, with ease, you make?


Lady Prime:
	Darling, you’re not an artist, 
	and I’m not a saint,
	my beautiful blank canvas you stain,
	with watery wishes of colourful paint
	unpaints what was made by purely untimely fate:
	the picture you try to backwardly unrecreate, 
	exists only in the imaginary state.
	If you iterate and repeat, you'll never see: 
	my lack of pattern–utterly sporadic and un-axiomatic!


But the key to her heart from the start	
Was the art of falling perfectly apart.



