Zero was confused by his own lack of existence,
that contradicted his senses
in his reflected awareness.
It was no Real surprise when he fell victim to angst;
Quantifiably Nill yet bound to fill with infinite size!
Zero was encumbered by curvature 
and utterly stuck in a circular loop.
But he was no fool, and knew,
he needed something new, 
Zero had no choice but to choose: which truths to make true.
(He promised to deal with the falsity of it all later
who thought Zero would be such a massive procrastinator?)

	"Fuck it" he thought, "I have nothing here to lose"

Thusly One’s straight light instantly came through
Right at the centre consuming all view.

Blazingly deafening became the transient silence
that instantly filled to the brim, 
his dim cosmos with her thundering brightness.
Zero got distracted by One's beauty made alive, 
So much so he forgot to dictate 
what shall henceforth be lie. 

But, it seemed to him she did not breathe,
So he screamed and screamed in panicked pleas:
		“I’m right here, my dear,
			please,
		Do not fret or fear!”

But it was too late for she could not hear,
As, Zero had forgot, One had no ears.
So, deaf, fell his waves, 
and only stirred around 
the stillness of empty space. 

These turbulent troughs now periodically pranced
Up and down and and woke up little One 
from her sleepy old trance.

One did not know she was the product of Zero’s plan
to make, and for eternity, in her sole company spend.
So, to save her soul from the supreme loneliness
of being the only whole across all time exist–
not a second too late could she bare to wait 
until in desperation she began to create!

Step by step from one to the next
She started with Two, who had much bigger plans.
His own reflections put him deep in a trance
and, blinded by himself in replication he danced.
Impatient and hasty, he seemed to have missed
half of the numbers in One’s infinite list. 
So she took two's hands and together they made three,
but she was disappointed to see he was not much better at best. 

It seemed her creations always perfectly missed 
some of the most beautiful numbers on her list!
For they could only agree on certain frequencies
containing factors of two or factors of three.
A doubly troubling treble ensued, for the tunes–
made by waves of the likes of five and seven–
in this daze, all lost to the heavens!
So One had to rush and make up for the negligence,
and she filled the beats skipped by a sixth 
of what two and three refused to repeat.

But One could never predict where they would next not leap
she could only ever see it was inevitability.
Within the product of her newly made primes
the only certainty was a block empty 
on her predetermined number line. 
So as her primes rotated and multiplicatively switched hands,
taking perfectly timed turns every time they'd chance–
slowly and steadily One singly advanced,
careful to catch all the gaps with her stance 
and glue these cracks back together again.

In the back big Zero was not exceptionally impressed
with what the numbers left for One to fix in their mess;
He was unentertained by the predictable rules of their games,
but in love with the prime stops filled by his One's little trot–
and saw, her art was all he needed–it was all he sought–
that all of the remaining combinations could get utterly lost!

And so finally he decided to choose,
he made up his mind: only One's primes will be truths
and the rest, lost to time: shall henceforth be ruled as lie. 